## What are the Steps for Tolstoy Integration for Native Site?

The minimal integration includes the following steps:
1. Add the JavaScript script code to the <head> section
2. Add the Conversion Tracking code


Who should use this guide?
Use this guide if you’re a merchant using an eCommerce platform other than Shopify.
Step 1 - Adding the JavaScript script code
Integrating your store frontend includes placing Tolstoy’s core scripts and widgets in your storefront. Javascript is required so the widgets function can be displayed on your site. 
First, click on your email at the lower left corner of the screen. Then, click on Settings. (Screenshot image of this step: https://tolstoy-2c549356d0c0.intercom-attachments-7.com/i/o/811963923/b55bb5d4a61caa02e1839300/t53KocXZiZM_SprPl-oOCV1BgVAA1eByOxa4NgSxlf9p908aGEowbK31EB1i-yWnwW5sp5dO19O9xRMlgAVWlq3skkzfAkYxuf_PsOh2AAlzPeydJNcDWyxJkcPe2W6B1ZjE27kqqp1_9a3yb3i6Bjs)
In your settings, click on Installation. (Screenshot image of this step: https://tolstoy-2c549356d0c0.intercom-attachments-7.com/i/o/811963949/b53abf961c16f3bbf01f328c/st2Mv2R8aDlXwvdDRlTyHaiha3tDlL2YrevGUrSewNg9IFJAARtQ0vLmiZsZonCZNkm2vvIJ2oMhzvrfvTRu5BSpa6FwjzHZTn9XeFHUKQpbS5yIndPUswzpGueM0beI9y5CXnRGQX0fpNpMbbXxHvY)
Within the Installation section, you'll find the Tolstoy JavaScript code. Simply click the "Copy Code" button to copy the JavaScript code. (Screenshot image of this step: https://tolstoy-2c549356d0c0.intercom-attachments-7.com/i/o/811963984/1cc10c6bc2491f6970b8b921/h6aWA92Wdu5Y7_ZUZVuoOU6WjXERcUnNkPMWBTCish5bnpXbc5Hjqnvmigu7RMYGwPb2XNVbWJ7rSXMnNkBO5E-Vp4dMja7xifN5QFaEvTSNzblrQx_oIBiLLhaylmk2CrlhqnFBzLfdMIMc9ha-yWA)
Add the copied code to the <head> tag in your store. 
Once you have successfully added the JavaScript code to the <head> section of your website, please click the 'Complete' button to finalize the setup. (Screenshot image of this step: https://downloads.intercomcdn.com/i/o/813883401/b3d832ca4169dedeba61ea5f/Complete+button.png)
Step 2 - Setting up conversion tracking
Tolstoy helps you engage your customers to drive traffic to your store, and boost your sales with its interactive and shoppable platform. The conversion tracking code enables you to measure those gains.


Following each successful checkout submission, Tolstoy validates if the visit and sale were generated by Tolstoy or self-served.


Step 2 is essential for tracking the conversion analytics of Tolstoy.


Important:
Before moving on to the next step, ensure that you have successfully completed the JavaScript installation by clicking the 'Complete' button.
After you’ve completed the steps above, click on Step 2 Conversion Code in your Installation screen. (Screenshot image of this step: https://downloads.intercomcdn.com/i/o/813894326/1d90b74632c6cdaa82cbbeae/Step2+Installation.png)
Click on the Copy Code button.
Place this conversion code on your store's order confirmation page (also known as the Order Thank You page).
Ensure the conversion tracking code is loaded at the completion of each purchase, on the order confirmation page of your store.
Below is a table listing the required fields and examples of what they should be replaced with:
Required fields
Field
Example
What is it?
appURL
davidis-store.myshopify.com
The URL to get to your store
currency
USD
The currency used in your store
email
tolstoycustomer@gmail.com
The buyer’s email
price
220.00
Should be a number either INT or String
productId
7447774789844
Add here the product id / SKU
quantity
1
How many of the products that were purchased
title
Sweatshirt
Product name
totalPrice
182.6
Should be the price of the item after discount.
The calc should be as follow:
(Item Price* Quantity) - (total discount)
variantId
42318830764244
Primarily for the Shopify backend, kindly include the variant ID of the purchased product. In case there isn't one, please provide the product ID here.
orderId
123456789
order id
totalPrice
182.6
Total price of the total order after discount.

There are also several optional fields in the conversion code. It is your choice if you want to include them in the code. The code will work with or without these fields.


Below is a table listing the optional fields and examples of what they should be replaced with:


Optional fields


Field
Example
What is it?
discounts
37.40
Amount of discount ( should be a number)
presentmentCurrency
AUD
The currency that was used for the purchase when he/she completed the order.

