## How can I track Tolstoy analytics?

**Analytics Per Tolstoy**

To access your Tolstoy analytics, click on the Analytics tab. (screenshot image: https://downloads.intercomcdn.com/i/o/892206690/a0f3b14417d4f1d8eea2af6a/image.png) 

Let's review the different sections of the page. (screenshot images: https://downloads.intercomcdn.com/i/o/747691708/ab0a656b1081aedb54c1c1b7/image.png & https://downloads.intercomcdn.com/i/o/747693070/7f10d0211b1ff1fd1cdc2fb1/image.png & https://downloads.intercomcdn.com/i/o/747695585/b0433679e1c6448f4c2cfacf/image.png & https://downloads.intercomcdn.com/i/o/750241263/135ab9d5502f4767d4de329f/image.png) 

**Revenue** - tracked when viewers visit a page that has a Tolstoy in it. This includes direct and indirect revenues.

**Direct Revenue** - direct revenue generated by Tolstoy.
**In-Video Purchase** - products purchased after being added to cart inside a video.
**Post-Video Purchase** - products purchased after being seen inside a video.

**Indirect Revenue** - revenue from anyone who interacted with Tolstoy but didn't make a direct purchase.

**Conversion Rate** - direct orders divided by video plays.
Direct Orders - orders generated by Tolstoy.

**AOV** - stands for "Average Order Value." It is used to determine the average amount of money spent by customers on each order they place. It is calculated by dividing the total revenue generated by the number of orders.

**Time on page uplift** - time on page uplift when interacting with Tolstoy

**Average time on page**

**Baseline** - once a viewer enters a website, Tolstoy's script tracks the time he’s in it. Once he leaves all tabs from this website, the script collects the time he spent and reports it to us. The baseline average is calculated by the total visitors' time divided by the number of visits.

**Tolstoy** - the Tolstoy average is calculated by the total time of visits where Tolstoy time is > 0 divided by the total visits where Tolstoy time is > 0.

**Video Plays** - number of times people played your videos.

**Play Rate** - number of plays divided by number of impressions

**Onsite** - breakdowns each Tolstoy performance per page. It shows all metrics in a table.

**Orders** - orders placed by customers.

**Unique views** - the number of times your Tolstoy was displayed to unique visitors.

**Unique Plays** - number of unique users that clicked play on your Tolstoy.

**Unique Interactions** - number of unique users that clicked on at least one choice on your Tolstoy.

**Avg. session duration** - measures the average amount of time spent per session on your Tolstoy. 

**Click Play** - the number of unique users who clicked play on your Tolstoy.

**Button Click** - the number of unique users who clicked on at least one choice on your Tolstoy.

**Collect Contact Details** - the number of unique users who left their contact details after watching your Tolstoy.

**Email collected** - emails collected from your Tolstoy. (screenshot image: https://downloads.intercomcdn.com/i/o/472912219/f0ab33121b227da2368c6e70/image.png) 

**Answer Collected** - how many clicks each choice received on your Tolstoy. (screenshot image: https://downloads.intercomcdn.com/i/o/472922002/333c5287eeaba57efc1b9895/image.png) 

**Videos Watched** - the number of views and average time per video. (screenshot image: https://downloads.intercomcdn.com/i/o/750242532/4dd86b4073d4b4ebc094bde9/image.png) 

**Analytics Per Account**

To access your Account analytics, click on the Analytics section on the left panel of your account. This provides average data on how your overall Tolstoys are performing. (screenshot image: https://downloads.intercomcdn.com/i/o/940546034/18bd8e29f64ba46c2115b531/image.png) 

It has the same sections as the Analytics per Tolstoy above with the addition of the following: (screenshot image: https://downloads.intercomcdn.com/i/o/750286474/79e04789c39808e940d8d858/image.png) 

**Attribution Window** - can be set to 24 Hours, 3 Days, 7 Days, or 30 Days

**​Folder** - filter Analytics by folder

**Creator** - filter Analytics by the creator of the Tolstoy

**Calendar icon** - choose the time window

**Note:** Attribution Window and Calendar icon are also present on the Analytics per Tolstoy.

In the **Tolstoy Events**, you can sort out all of your Tolstoy data based on page view, number of people who clicked play, number of interactions, how many contact details were collected, and the types of responses that were received. (screenshot image: https://downloads.intercomcdn.com/i/o/676799713/274d4f6676d2022b224cd602/image.png) 
